⭐ Nobody Asked For This ⭐
    From the mind of Fén

Explore the wonders of the new Gimmick Generator (GG) device and experience your world change before your eyes. See the--

..

Who wrote this, Marketing? Psh, sack the lot of 'em, I say.

Let's cut to the chase: Nobody Asked For This is a short kaizo gimmick hack that experiments with minor tweaks to core game mechanics. There are 5 exits, and section lengths are relatively short. The first 4 exits may be attempted in any order.

How hard is this hack? I don't know, somewhere in the middle of "Kaizo: Intermediate" (SMWCentral rating) maybe. If a level is giving you trouble, start+select will let you go back to the hub to choose a different one. Progress is automatically saved.

What else...let me think. Oh yeah, if you climb up the rope in the hub, you'll come across a Jukebox. Remember Music Select from old 90s games? It's basically that. Each track room will provide information about the track and the person/people who ported it to Super Mario World. Shoutouts to music porters. Seriously <3

As you hear new music in the hack, new track rooms will unlock. There are 12 tracks total to find.


In closing, thank you for giving this hack a shot. This all started from a shitpost and a single level idea. Over the months (I work slowly), I found myself lost in exploring the implications of relatively-small changes to basic mechanics and I'm proud of what it turned into. This isn't an ambitious hack in size, but it was an ambitious hack in technical scope, and I learned a lot throughout the journey. I hope you find it as fun to explore these gimmicks as I did, and I hope I've provided a fun playground to do so in.

I want to give a lot of love and gratitude to some folks, without whom this hack would not exist:

Margot was both an inspiration for the overall direction of this hack, and also was enormously supportive throughout the entire process. Her input, encouragement, and friendship kept me going and I can't imagine this hack being more than a transient thought in my mind without her. Thank you ❤️

binavik has long been one of the most supportive people I've ever met. His technical knowledge and his assistance, time and time again, has helped me both learn and accomplish things I never thought I'd be able to. Beyond that, he's always been supportive of me and my shenanigans, and I am immensely grateful.


Found a bug? Unless it's game-breaking I probably won't fix it, but feel free to let me know, preferably via a comment somewhere. There are a couple of small bugs here and there that are known. Sorry, I'm not perfect.

- Fén 🐺